# jolvalidate0.cgi
The first file that netshow 1.5 tries to access.<br>Fills in information about the episodes, interstitial ads, and more.

Note: Any spaces are replaced by a "+". For example, `Hello there!` would be changed to `Hello+there!`

Needed values (In this order):<br>`PlayerId` - The "account ID" of the player.<br>`SessionId` - The ID of the session. Basically how many other sessions have been played before this one.<br>`BuildOKToRun` - If the version of netshow that is being played is up to date. Only use "Y" or "N" here.<br>`EmailValid` - If the player's email is valid or not. Only use "1" or "0" here.<br>`Teaser1` & `Teaser2` - Line 1 and 2 for the "teaser" segment at the end of the game.<br>`TeaserFile` - The SRF file to download for the teaser segment.<br>`Episode` - The episode number, name, and description.

- Example episode use: `Episode=123,"EPISODE+NAME+HERE",Episode+description+goes+here.`
  - The episode number is important for downloading its files properly, so be careful.

`EpisodeCount` - The amount of episodes that are playable. Must be the same as the amount of "Episode" values.<br>`ContentServer` - A location of a server where SRF files are downloaded from. You can have multiple of these.<br>`ContentServerCount` - The amount of content servers that are avaliable. The limit for this is unknown.<br>`Ad` - The redirection name, SRF file name, and positioning of an interstitial ad.

- Example ad use: `Ad=COL215,col215.srf,0`
  - Once the game is over, the ad that the player requested more information on would be processed on the Bezerk website. That's what the "redirection name" is for.
  - The positioning number is used to tell the game when the ad should be played, and which ad break it should be played on. Each ad break has to be split up with an certain amount of ads. The positions should go 1, 2, 3, then back to 1, etc...
  - One ad is an exception to this rule. The ad with a "0" for its position will be played after the Jellyvision logo, but before the taglines. Only one ad can use this exception.

`AdCount` - The amount of interstitial ads that will be played. Must be the same as the amount of "Ad" values.<br>`Error` - Unknown use. Just set it to "100".

Example response:<br>`PlayerId=746&SessionId=6712950&BuildOKToRun=Y&EmailValid=1&Teaser1=Re-run+Review&Teaser2=June+-+July&TeaserFile=jangenrc.srf&Episode=238,"THE+SPEED+EPISODE",The+Speed+Episode.+Fast+women%252C+fast+cars+and+trivia+so+fast+you'll+think+you+missed+something.+Hurry+up+and+play+it+already!+Originally+aired+8/23/99.&Episode=235,"SIDEKICKS",THE+SIDEKICKS+EPISODE!+Tune+in+for+the+faithful%252C+small%252C+clumsy+episode+that+provides+comic+relief.+Complete+with+tights+and+an+annoying+catchphrase.++Originally+aired+8/2/99.&Episode=254,"GOLDEN+MEDLEY","The+GOLDEN+MEDLEY+Episode."+Just+a+poetic+way+of+saying%252C+"Hey%252C+here's+some+extra+questions+we+found+sitting+around+the+office."+Orig.+aired+12/13/99.&Episode=246,"The+WORLD+SERIES%25AA+Episode","The+WORLD+SERIES%25AA+Episode"+Some+baseball%252C+some+scratching%252C+some+world+geography%252C+what+more+could+you+want?+Orig.+aired+10/17/99.&Episode=242,"The+COLORIZED+Episode",The+Colorized+Episode.+Help+us+bid+adieu+to+the+aqua+blue+of+summer+and+welcome+the+cherry+heather+of+fall.+We'll+probably+have+some+nudity+too.+Orig.+aired+9/20/99.&Episode=237,"THE+ECLECTIC+EPISODE",The+Eclectic+Episode!+It's+trivia+that+would+be+electric+but+it's+missing+an+R%252C+and+the+L+is+in+the+wrong+place.+The+E+too%252C+but+who's+looking?+Originally+aired+8/16/99.&Episode=226,"CLOWN+CAR+OF+TRIVIA",We+stuffed+300%252C000+bits+of+trivia+into+a+small+car%252C+added+as+many+clowns+and+ended+up+with+300%252C000+dead+clowns.+The+trivia+is+alive+and+well%252C+though.+Originally+aired+5/31/99.&Episode=219,"THINGS+THAT+GET+STEPPED+ON",An+episode+all+about+things+that+get+stepped+on.+Bubble+gum%252C+dog+poo%252C+menial+workers+(like+Schmitty)+and+ants.++Originally+aired+4/12/99.++&Episode=217,"FOOLIN'+AROUND",+Hey%252C+who's+horny?++We'll+cover+everything+from+heavy+breathing+to+heavy+petting.+"Light"+petting+version+available+for+the+diet+conscious.+Originally+aired+3/29/99.&Episode=248,"TRIVIA+POT+PIE","TRIVIA+POT+PIE"+Delicious+bits+of+sex%252C+geography%252C+math+and+movies+in+a+flaky+trivia+crust.+Each+bite+will+leave+you+begging+for+more.+Orig.+aired+11/1/99.&Episode=510,"APRIL+FOOL'S+EPISODE",Distract+yourself+with+our+wit+as+we+access+your+hard+drive+and+personal+files.+You+don't+think+we+can+do+it?+Who's+the+fool+now?+Originally+aired:+3/31/97.&Episode=511,"THE+DISGUSTING+EPISODE",This+one+makes+even+us+a+little+ill.+How+many+dead+puppies+can+you+fit+into+an+episode+of+Jack?+Prepare+to+find+out%252C+sick-o.+Originally+aired:+6/8/98.&Episode=505,"TRIVIA+MELANGE",We+don't+want+to+get+your+hopes+up%252C+but+this+episode+has+a+nice+butt+in+it.+Also:+Martha+Stewart%252C+White+House+pets+and+revenge.+Originally+aired:+1/26/98.&Episode=504,"ASSORTED+BOX+OF+TRIVIA",Can't+find+a+place+to+talk+about+sex%252C+Wheel+of+Fortune(tm)+and+John+the+Baptist+in+the+same+breath?+Search+no+more.+Originally+aired:+3/2/98.&Episode=503,"TRIVIA+MEDLEY",What+do+Xena+and+Mr.+Peanut+have+in+common?+Nothing.+But+they're+both+in+this+episode.+Originally+aired:+1/5/98.&EpisodeCount=15&ContentServer=127.0.0.1&ContentServer=127.0.0.1&ContentServerCount=2&Ad=COL215,col215.srf,0&Ad=SKY215,sky215.srf,1&Ad=WAR215,war215.srf,2&Ad=TPV213,tpv213.srf,3&Ad=IKE212,ike212.srf,1&Ad=GVL113,gvl113.srf,2&Ad=AIR212,air212.srf,3&Ad=VOC213,voc213.srf,1&Ad=COL215,col215.srf,2&Ad=LAU111,lau111.srf,3&Ad=RES221,res221.srf,1&Ad=ARM211,arm211.srf,2&AdCount=12&Error=100`
